Description:  I2C Support Scripts
------------

Directory contains the simple scripts to allow programming of the TI CDCE949
PLL used for the Hydra prototype. 

Requirements:
-------------

The scripts the utility programs i2cget and i2cset to send the data over the
C1's I2C bus.  You need to be sure C1 has loaded i2c-tools.

     apt-get install i2c-tools

Files:
------

pllinit.sh -- Script to program the PLL for 8 channels, 9th being Mixer

dumpregs.sh - Script to read all the PLL registers and display them

pllregs.txt - Text file for register programming values.  Format is simple
              <offset> <value>


Notes:
------

Register values were generated using the TI Clock Builder utility.  To gen
new clock rates for the project, re-run the tool for new values and then 
update the pllregs.txt file.  Re-Run the pllinit.sh script once with new vals.

The 4th PLL is used for the Mixer clock rate of 125 Mhz.  Port 9 not default
port 8 that shows up.  PLL's 1 thru 3 used for the 28.8Mhz clocks.  

PLL supports output frequencies to 230Mhz.  Input clock up to 160Mhz LVCMOS.
Using Hydra prototype input capacitor currently 10nf for 10Mhz input clock 
either through on-board TXCO or externally supplied.  This cap would need to
change when using higher frequencies (1nf for instance for 100Mhz).

PLL Output ports do not line up numerically with dongles but instead were 
lined up based on PCB routing of the traces to minimize via's.  TODO: add the
port mapping to ease debugging when playing with custom sample rates.

You only need to run the init script once as the register values are stored
in the PLL's flash and are restored on power up of the device.  

Rebooting the oDroid C1 does not reset the PLL (currently, would like to do
this in future).  Running the init script will update the clocks immediately
and can cause errors if DVB-T sticks are running.  Be sure to shutdown any
process accessing the DVB-T sticks prior to updating the PLL.

Validate new sample rate settings by running rtl_test against each DVB-T 
stick.
